Python compatibility (#378)
scikit-activeml/scikit-activeml: README.rst

    pip install -U scikit-activeml

.. note::

>     pip installs based on the minimum requirements. If errors accure please 
>     try using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pip installs based on the minimum requirements. If you encounter any incompatibility issues use:
```
